## 1.0.0-beta.3 API Changes

This latest release updates the Android SDK dependency from v7 to [v8](https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-android/releases/tag/6.0.0) to use BillingClient 7 and updates the iOS SDK dependency from v4 to v5 to use StoreKit 2 by default in the SDK.

### Migration Guides

- See [Android Native - V8 API Migration Guide](https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-android/blob/main/migrations/v8-MIGRATION.md) for a more thorough explanation of the Android changes.
- See [iOS Native - V5 Migration Guide](https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-ios/blob/main/Sources/DocCDocumentation/DocCDocumentation.docc/V5_API_Migration_guide.md) for a more thorough explanation of the iOS changes. Notably, this version uses StoreKit 2 to process purchases by default.

### New Minimum OS Versions

This release raises the minimum required OS versions to the following:

- iOS 13.0
- Android: SDK 21 (Android 5.0)

### In-App Purchase Key Required for StoreKit 2

In order to use StoreKit 2, you must configure your In-App Purchase Key in the RevenueCat dashboard. You can find instructions describing how to do this [here](https://www.revenuecat.com/docs/in-app-purchase-key-configuration).

### Specifying StoreKit version with `storeKitVersion` (iOS Only)

When configuring the SDK, you may specify which StoreKit version `storeKitVersion: StoreKitVersion` value. It defaults to letting the iOS SDK determine the most appropriate version of StoreKit at runtime. If you'd like to use a specific version of StoreKit, you may provide a value for `storeKitVersion` like so:

```kotlin
val config: PurchasesConfiguration = PurchasesConfiguration(apiKey = {YOUR_API_KEY}) {
    storeKitVersion = StoreKitVersion.STOREKIT_2
}

Purchases.configure(config)
```

### PurchasesAreCompletedBy Is Now a Sealed Interface
`PurchasesAreCompletedBy` is now a sealed interface instead of an enum, with two types: `RevenueCat` and `MyApp`. When specifying MyApp, you must now provide the StoreKit version you are using to process purchases on iOS. If your app is Android-only, you may provide any value since it is ignored on Android.

You can set `purchasesAreCompletedBy` to `MyApp` when configuring the SDK like so:

```kotlin
val configuration = PurchasesConfiguration(apiKey = {YOUR_API_KEY}) {
    purchasesAreCompletedBy = PurchasesAreCompletedBy.MyApp(StoreKitVersion.STOREKIT_2)
}
Purchases.configure(configuration)
```

#### Observing Purchases Completed by Your App with StoreKit 1

If purchases are completed by your app using StoreKit 1, you will need to explicitly configure the SDK to use StoreKit 1:

```kotlin
val configuration = PurchasesConfiguration(apiKey = {YOUR_API_KEY}) {
    purchasesAreCompletedBy = PurchasesAreCompletedBy.MyApp(StoreKitVersion.STOREKIT_1)
}
Purchases.configure(configuration)
```

#### Removal of Purchases.purchasesAreCompletedBy
The getter and setter on `Purchases.sharedInstance.purchasesAreCompletedBy` has been removed. Please reach out to us if this is something you've been using and need to continue using.

#### Other BC7 Additions (Android Only)
- `PurchasesConfiguration.pendingTransactionsForPrepaidPlansEnabled`: Enable this setting if you want to allow pending purchases for prepaid subscriptions (only supported in Google Play). Note that entitlements are not granted until payment is done. Default is disabled.
- `SubscriptionOption.InstallmentsInfo`: Type containing information of installment subscriptions. Currently only supported in Google Play.

### Reporting undocumented issues:

Feel free to file an issue! [New RevenueCat Issue](https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-kmp/issues/new/choose).