# 1.0.0 Migration Guide
The RevenueCat SDK for Kotlin Multiplatform has reached v1! Here's everything you need to know if you're coming from a previous version. 
- If you're coming from KobanKat, start [here](KobanKat-MIGRATION.md).
- If you're coming from purchases-kmp `1.0.0-beta.1` or `1.0.0-beta.2`, start [here](1.0.0-beta.3-MIGRATION.md).
- If you're coming from purchases-kmp `1.0.0-beta.3`, keep reading.

## In-App Purchase Key Required for StoreKit 2
> [!CAUTION]
> You **must** configure your [In-App Purchase Key](/service-credentials/itunesconnect-app-specific-shared-secret/in-app-purchase-key-configuration) in the RevenueCat dashboard. **Purchases will fail if the key is not configured**. This is a new requirement for all RevenueCat SDKs.

## New versioning scheme
Since purchases-kmp depends on a separate iOS framework (`PurchasesHybridCommon[UI]`) that needs to
be linked to your iOS project manually, the versioning scheme was changed to make that a bit easer.
The new versioning scheme is in the form `X+Y`, where:
* `X` is the purchases-kmp version.
* `Y` is the `PurchasesHybridCommon[UI]` version.

## Platform SDKs no longer public
The underlying Android and iOS SDKs are no longer public. If you were importing platform types in your `androidMain` and/or `iosMain` source sets, you'll have to switch to the common types. The common types have `.kmp.` in their package name. If you were only using purchases-kmp in your common source set, this does not affect you.

## Fewer extensions
The number of extension functions and properties is drastically reduced. Previously, almost every member of the platform types was an extension in purchases-kmp. These are now all members in purchases-kmp too. Since extensions are imported separately, these imports have to be removed. You can do this automatically in Android Studio by pressing Ctrl + Option + O for a single file, or right click on any folder and click Optimize Imports.  

## Reporting undocumented issues:
Feel free to file an
issue! [New RevenueCat Issue](https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-kmp/issues/new/).
