# 3.0.0 Migration Guide

This version makes integrating the SDK on iOS much easier.

## Remove the native iOS SDK
Coming from a version before `3.0.0`, your iOS project will have a dependency on RevenueCat's `PurchasesHybridCommon` and/or `PurchasesHybridCommonUI` native iOS dependencies. These should be removed. The instructions depend on how you added them.

### Remove from Swift Package Manager
If you've added `PurchasesHybridCommon` and/or `PurchasesHybridCommonUI` to your iOS project using Swift Package Manager, do the following:
1. Open Xcode and select your project in the Project navigator.
2. Click Package Dependencies.
3. Select the `PurchasesHybridCommon` and/or `PurchasesHybridCommonUI` dependencies and click the '-' (minus) button to remove them.

### Remove from CocoaPods
If you've added `PurchasesHybridCommon` and/or `PurchasesHybridCommonUI` to your iOS project using CocoaPods, there are 2 possible places where these dependencies could be defined. Make sure they are removed from both.

Your `Podfile` might contain lines like the following. Remove them:
```ruby
pod 'PurchasesHybridCommon', '17.21.2'
pod 'PurchasesHybridCommonUI', '17.21.2'
```

Your `build.gradle[.kts]` might contain sections like the following. Remove these:
```kotlin
pod("PurchasesHybridCommon") {  
    version = "17.21.2"
    extraOpts += listOf("-compiler-option", "-fmodules")  
}
pod("PurchasesHybridCommonUI") {
    version = "17.21.2"
    extraOpts += listOf("-compiler-option", "-fmodules")
} 
```

## Remove purchases-kmp-datetime
The `purchases-kmp-datetime` library is removed as its functionality has been included in the main `purchases-kmp` library for some time. If you are still using `purchases-kmp-datetime`, please follow these steps to migrate:
1. Find any usages of `*Instant` extension properties in your code, e.g. `firstSeenInstant`.
2. Use Android Studio's automatic replacement functionality to replace its usage with the equivalent property in `purchases-kmp`, e.g. `firstSeen`.
3. Opt in to using experimental time APIs, using `@OptIn(ExperimentalTime::class)`.
4. Make sure you're importing `kotlin.time.Instant` instead of `kotlinx.datetime.Instant`. 
5. Remove the `purchases-kmp-datetime` dependency from your project.

## Reporting undocumented issues:
Feel free to file an issue! [New RevenueCat Issue](https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-kmp/issues/new/). Make sure to state clearly that you're using version 3.0.0. Thanks!
